


,desktop PCs, PC servers, laptops,and
15 PC classroom environment.  Worked independently and unsupervised 75% of my
time or more.  Looked for direction only where needed.  Responsible for
software, hardware installations, systems maintenance, and system repair
coordination.  Developed classroom  software administration system, reducing
duration of curriculum change and setup for class room.
Developed simple low cost WAN system between individual site mail systems.
Identified need for and received approval to spend time on:
*  Development of nightly PC backup technique that took ZERO budgetary expense. 
*  Updating the software library, both disks and tapes, removing out-of-date
   versions of software and product no longer in use.  Reduced volume by 30%.
   Increased ease of common item location.
*  Maintained periodical and non periodical library,  worked with one other to 
   reduce by 50% the volume of    
    trade journals on hand, increasing available space for new publications and periodicals.
Projected and forecasted Hardware system software needs, Made purchase requests and installations.


Materiel asset manager, tool control coordinator.  Received Letter of Commendation for accomplishments. 
Managed 250 items from $15.00 $430,000.00.  Reduced visual inspection to 2 hours from 4 days
Corrosion paint shop crew leader leading team of 5.  Acted as liaison between 8 separate work centers and
Maintenance control.  Honor student at AMS 'A' school.




SUMMARY: Twenty plus months as QA lead on companies legacy product and as test
lab manager.  Member of defect resolution team.  Responsible for analyzing
system functionality and determining where product has malfunctioned.  Worked
with lead developer on all operating system porting issues, preformance
issues, future OS requirments.  Four plus years providing system administration
on multiple platform, multiple  operating system environments. Responsible for
developing and maintaining legacy test environment Met all scheduled releases
with a quality product.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:  *****  Lost of work as independent ****
May 1995 - Present Oacis Healthcare Systems   Lead Software QA engineer Test Lab
Manager in a 25 PC environment.  Responsible for developing and configuring new
product functionality, preforming all regression testing  administered over
multiple server multiple NOS platforms, maintaining baseline data for test
automation, reacting in a timely manner to all client support issues, review
documentation, submit corrections, produce release media, ship product. Work in
design group to porting product to Windows NT and Windows95


TECHNOLOGIES:
Platforms DOS, Windows 3.1, Windows95, Window NT 3.51, 4.0,  Mac 6.x, 7.0
          Solaris 2.3,2.4, 2.5.  Sybase ODBC 10, 11.
          Btrieve 5.0, 6.15, Novell 3.x, 4.1(NDS and Bindery emulation)
          FTP3.1,4.0 OnNet2.0, 2.1, OnNet16 2.5, OnNet32 2.0, LWD4.2, 5.0,
          Prolinc 2.x, UB 16_62A
          Network analyzer(sniffer), assorted test equipment.
Software  Basic working familiarity with all common DOS, Windows and Mac prod.
          Testing software Evaluator(DOS), exposure to QA partner, Autotester.
          Bug tracking software, DCS2.0, 2.1, HEAT,Clarify.
Languages Java, C, C++, Scheme, Forth, Pascal, MC68xxx Assembly
